TELCODOCS-243: D/S Docs & RN: METAL-6 (MPHARDWARE-4/KNIDEPLOY-2108) BIOS Settings Configuration (set values) (#42523)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/bmo-editing-the-hostfirmwaresettings-resource.adoc

----
spec:
  settings:
    name: value <1>
----

> <1> Use the `FirmwareSchema` resource to identify the available settings for the host. You cannot set values that are read-only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> Use the `FirmwareSchema` resource to identify the available settings for the host. You cannot set value for read-only attributes.
```

. Save the changes and exit the editor.

> . Annotate the host to delete it from the machineset:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Annotate the machine to delete it from the machineset:
```

+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ oc annotate machine <host_name> machine.openshift.io/cluster-api-delete-machine=yes -n openshift-machine-api

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ oc annotate machine <machine_name> machine.openshift.io/cluster-api-delete-machine=yes -n openshift-machine-api
```

----
+
Where `<host_name>` is the name of the host to delete.

. Get a list of nodes and count the number worker nodes:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get nodes
----

. Get the machineset:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get machinesets -n openshift-machine-api
----

. Scale the machineset:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc scale machineset <machineset_name> -n openshift-machine-api --replicas=<n>
----
+
Where `<machineset_name>` is the name of the machineset and `<n>` is the decremented number of worker nodes.

> . When the host enters the `Available` state, scale up the machineset to make the `HostFirmwareSettings` resource changes take effect:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. When the host enters the `available` state, scale up the machineset to make the `HostFirmwareSettings` resource changes take effect:
```

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc scale machineset <machineset_name> -n openshift-machine-api --replicas=<n>
----
+

> Where `<machineset_name>` is the name of the machineset and `<n>` is the incremented number of worker nodes.

Reviewer: I would use n-1 in the first scaling and n here with explanation `<n>` is the number of worker nodes
